In an Oct. 19 review of "The Misanthrope" at Chicago's Goodman Theatre ("Revitalized Classics Take the Stage in Windy City," Leisure & Arts), the role of Celimene, played by Kim Cattrall, was mistakenly attributed to Christina Haag
Rolls-Royce Motor Cars Inc. said it expects its U.S. sales to remain steady at about 1,200 cars in 1990
The luxury auto maker last year sold 1,214 cars in the U.S
BELL INDUSTRIES Inc. increased its quarterly to 10 cents from seven cents a share
The new rate will be payable Feb. 15
For its employees to sign up for the options, a college also must approve the plan
Also excluded will be investments in companies with "significant" business stemming from weapons manufacture, alcoholic beverages or tobacco
Solo woodwind players have to be creative if they want to work a lot, because their repertoire and audience appeal are limited
Richard Stoltzman has taken a gentler, more audience-friendly approach
and now goes on the road with piano, bass, a slide show, and a repertoire that ranges from light classical to light jazz to light pop, with a few notable exceptions
But you can't dismiss Mr. Stoltzman's music or his motives as merely commercial and lightweight
He believes in what he plays, and he plays superbly
His recent appearance at the Metropolitan Museum, dubbed "A Musical Odyssey," was a case in point
Clad in his trademark black velvet suit, the soft-spoken clarinetist announced that his new album, "Inner Voices," had just been released, that his family was in the front row, and that it was his mother's birthday, so he was going to play her favorite tune from the record
And so it went through the first half: an ingeniously chosen potpourri of pieces, none longer than five minutes, none that would disturb or challenge a listener
Mr. Stoltzman introduced his colleagues: Bill Douglas, pianist/bassoonist/composer and an old buddy from Yale, and jazz bassist Eddie Gomez
An improvisational section was built around pieces by Mr. Douglas, beginning with "Golden Rain," a lilting, laid-back lead in to the uptempo "Sky," which gave Mr. Stoltzman the opportunity to wail in a high register and show off his fleet fingers
Bach's "Air" followed
The end of the first half, however, brought what the standing-room-only crowd seemed to be waiting for: the pop singer Judy Collins, who appears on "Inner Voices
The end of the first half, however, brought what the standing-room-only crowd seemed to be waiting for: the pop singer Judy Collins, who appears on "Inner Voices." Glamorous and pure-voiced as ever, Ms. Collins sang Joni Mitchell's "For Free" -- about an encounter with a street-corner clarinetist, to which Mr. Stoltzman contributed a clarinet obligatto -- and Mr. Douglas's lush setting of a Gaelic blessing, "Deep Peace." "Deep Peace" also featured a slide show of lovely but predictable images of clouds, beaches, deserts, sunsets, etc
It was all too mellow to be believed, but they probably would have gotten away with it, had they not felt compelled to add Ms. Collins's signature tune, "Amazing Grace," and ask for audience participation
Was this why some of the audience departed before or during the second half?
Either way it was a pity, because Mr. Stolzman offered the most substantial music of the evening just after intermission: Steve Reich's "New York Counterpoint," one of a series of Reich works that juxtapose a live performer with recorded tracks of his or her own playing
Mr. Stoltzman must have worried that his audience might not be able to take it
He also unfortunately illustrated this intricate, jazzy tapestry with Mr. Pearson's images, this time of geometric or repeating objects, in a kitschy mirroring of the musical structure that was thoroughly distracting from Mr. Reich's piece and Mr. Stoltzman's elegant execution of it
The rest of the concert was more straight jazz and mellow sounds written by Charlie Parker, Ornette Coleman, Bill Douglas and Eddie Gomez, with pictures for the Douglas pieces
Is this the future of chamber music
but can audiences really enjoy them only if the music is purged of threatening elements, served up in bite-sized morsels and accompanied by visuals
What's next
In fact, he liberated the U.S. from one of the world's most corrupt organizations -- UNESCO
when its anti-Western ideology, financial corruption and top leadership got out of hand
but even his replacement, the more personally genial Spanish biochemist Federico Mayor, has had little success at achieving reforms
which means redistributionism from the West to pay for everyone else's statism
The Orwellian "New World Information Order" would give government officials rights against the press
UNESCO somehow converted the founding U.N. ideals of individual rights and liberty into "peoples' rights
that even the Soviets now wonder about an agency that seemed so congenial to them
UNESCO is now holding its biennial meetings in Paris to devise its next projects
Mr. Mayor's hope that references to "press freedom" would survive unamended seems doomed to failure
Mr. Mayor's hope that references to "press freedom" would survive unamended seems doomed to failure; the current phrasing is "educating the public and media to avoid manipulation
He hasn't been able to replace the M'Bow cabal
Soviets remain in charge of education programs, a former head of an African military tribunal for executions is in charge of culture, and a hard-line Polish communist in exile directs the human-rights and peace division
The position of the United States, which once contributed 25% of the budget, is that nothing has changed
The position of the United States, which once contributed 25% of the budget, is that nothing has changed.
This hasn't much bothered the UNESCO delegates, who last week couldn't even agree to raise funds by selling off a fancy 19th-century French chateau the agency somehow owns
This is that the Reagan Revolution spanning Eastern Europe and Tiananmen Square shows the power of ideas unencumbered by international civil servants or government functionaries
The Babelists of the United Nations are experts at obfuscation
This can have its purposes at times, but there's no reason to cloud the importance and allure of Western concepts of freedom and justice
Such so-called male-sterile plants can then be fertilized by pollen from another strain of the plant, thereby producing hybrid seed
That's because the male part, the tassel, and the female, the ear, are some distance apart on the corn plant
In a labor-intensive process, the seed companies cut off the tassels of each plant, making it male sterile
